We have to look at pages pages our view components which can have some special properties as you learn.
We only learned about the belly Deshaun property as of yet but we'll learn about more from the scores
and pages are loaded on the entire screen.
Basically One road leads to one page being loaded or even multiple pages.
If you're using the nested approach now.
Besides pages we got the debt layout which provides the application frame as I said.
Now we can see that in the layouts folder there is a default dot view file and the file name is important.
If this file exists it is used as a default for all the other pages and it should exist if we expect.
We see it's pretty empty.
We got a div and then interesting.
We get this next component in here.
Now this is of course a component provided by the next framework and it essentially means this is the
place where the different pages should be loaded in.
Now then we get a style section here because it's a normal single file view component.
In the end and can be used as such and this is no scoped style as you can see therefore this simply
is the default style for our entire application.
And there are different places where you could put it.
And of course you can still style your individual components differently.
But for an application wide style it's indeed recommended to use the default layout which is well a
great place for such styles.
There are other places though and that will show that later in the course.
Now let me remove that entire style and then save everything.
And this instantly shows you a difference the font changed.
Now this is because I removed the style here.
Now that is how we use a layout we could add a second layout if we only wanted to use it on some pages
like for example users view.
Then we could copy the default layouts set up here and to see a difference.
We could add a header at the top where we simply say users section.
Now to use dad lay out instead of the default one we go to the page is where we want to use it like
for Slash users and all to 40 users view file and they're in the script section in that object.
We add a number of special property which is understood by next not by view but by next and that special
property.
Now is the layout property.
And there you simply pass a string like users without the dot view.
And this will now look for a user that you file in the layouts folder and if it finds it it will use
this instead of the default one.
So we can copy this and copy it to our indexed or you fall in the Users folder.
So let's add it here to and let's add that same logic to the index that you fall in this ID folder here.
So in the nested folder for a dynamic parameter there I'll add layout users.
If we save dat and we reload the page we see user section at the top of slash users one as well as just
slash users.
If we go back to the main page however we don't see it because there we did sign that layout and instead
the default one is used.
So this is how that all works you can have multiple layouts in a lot of apps.
You only have one though I will say that and this allows you to create a frame around all your pages
or some of your pages whatever your set up is.